CNV-58840: Added short desc (#102738)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/vm_networking/virt-networking-overview.adoc

[id="default-network-config"]
== Using the default pod network

[role="_abstract"]

> Configure the default pod network so that your virtual machines connect reliably and use the standard OpenShift networking model across your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that your virtual machines (VMs) connect reliably and use the standard OpenShift networking model across your cluster, configure the default pod network.
```

[id="service-mesh-integration"]

> == Integrating with OpenShift Service Mesh  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Integrating with {SMProductName}  
```
